Team Project Progress Report
Ching Yuen Ng/ Brian Rak
Week 5

Summary of Progress:
This week we have set up the plant, the water flow for our project. 
We also enchanced our LCD application.  To conserve power, we implemented
stand by mode, which stops all clocks. We still not have the 
rechargeable battery at this point so there is no way we can 
attach the solar panel to our board. We will power our board by using 
the normal DC.

The project is essentially complete.  One thing that would be nice for the
future is to implement the reading of packets from the indoor to the
outdoor.  That way we could perform data analytics on the history of data
to better track the status our our plants over a longer period of time.

Discussion(each team member):

Ching Yuen Ng

Weekly progress:
-Enchant LCD graphic
-get the LSI working on the inside stm
-able to set the time by using the data from another board
-set up the plant and tubing

Challenges: 
There was a bug when I first set the time by using the data from the 
other board. Since it will keep sending the time to my board, if I 
keep setting it then it will crash at some point. 
To solve this problem, I will only set the time to my LSI once.

We have to use tape for the tubing that attached to the motor becuase 
we couldn't find a tube that's fit size.


Brian Rak

Weekly progress:
-Enhance the stand by mode and scale as appropriate
-send the time from outside stm to inside stm board
-set up the plant and tubing

Challenges:

We figured out that the LSE calendar actually has a corrupt register.  The
regiter for the date is not accurate past 0xF.  As a result, it starts
rolling back dates beyond 0xF causing an incorrect display on the LCD.

I had a problem initially figuring out the length of the delay for the 
standby mode.  I figured out that I was using the wrong configuration for
the clock.  I still couldn't figure out how to use the correct prescaler
values for the other configurations.  It ended up working however just by
using the configuration and the wakeup timer.

Finally, getting the tubing to put water into the correct spot was
challenging.  We tried poking holes and taping the tube but that was
awful so we eventually got splitters and stuck them in the line.  This
helped to put water where we wanted them without restricting the hose.
Also, the motor was terrible until Ching figured out that the orientation
for drawing water was supposed to be on its side.

Planned work for following week:
STUDYING FOR THE FINAL
